builds.md, before:

# Builds

We have many kinds of packages, the package depends on the build type and product
flavor.

## Build types

There are two build types: `debug` and `release`. In local development we'll
typically be generating debug builds. Release builds are for when we want to
distribute the application to other users. The [Android Tools
site](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide#TOC-Build-Types)
has more on the difference between debug and release builds. Debug builds will
have features that assist with debugging and testing, like the ability to change
endpoints.


## Product flavors

There are two product flavors: `internal` and `external`. The internal product
flavor is for distribution to internal or trusted users. In iOS, we use beta
builds for this purpose. External builds are for distribution on the Google Play
store.

## Build variants

* `internalDebug`: Mobile product team
* `internalRelease`: Kickstarter staff
* `externalDebug`: Likely won't be used much, could be useful if we establish
  a formal QA process as a check before public release
* `externalRelease`: Public users, distributed via Play store

## Signing packages

Debug builds are signed using `app/debug.keystore`. Creating debug builds
requires no configuration; they're signed with the default Android username and
password.

Release builds are signed using `app/kickstarter.keystore`. The credentials
should be stored in `app/signing.gradle`. We don't want to commit the keystore
or credentials into source control, so a manual process is required to set them
up.

The keystore is backed up in S3:
`s3://android-ksr-keystores/kickstarter.keystore`. The credentials are stored
in passpack under `Android - Keystore`. The keystore can be copied from
S3 into `app/kickstarter.keystore`, and the credentials saved into `app/signing.gradle`.
The keystore and credentials are in `.gitignore` so local changes won't be committed.

Commit message:

Add Origami, a command-line tool for releasing builds
Follows a similar process to iOS

builds.md, after:

# Builds

We have many build variants, the variant depends on the build type and product
flavor.

## Build types

There are two build types: `debug` and `release`. In local development we'll
typically be generating debug builds. Release builds are for when we want to
distribute the application outside the development team. The [Android Tools
site](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide#TOC-Build-Types)
has more on the difference between debug and release builds. Debug builds will
have features that assist with debugging and testing, like the ability to change
endpoints.

## Product flavors

There are two product flavors: `internal` and `external`. The internal product
flavor is for distribution to internal or trusted users. In iOS, we use beta
builds for this purpose.

## Build variants

* `internalDebug`: Mobile product team
* `internalRelease`: Kickstarter staff
* `externalDebug`: Likely won't be used much, could be useful if we establish
  a formal QA process as a check before public release
* `externalRelease`: Public users, distributed via Play store

## Signing packages

Debug builds are signed using `app/debug.keystore`. Creating debug builds
requires no configuration; they're signed with the default Android username and
password.

Release builds are signed using `app/kickstarter.keystore`. The credentials
should be stored in `app/signing.gradle`. We don't want to commit the keystore
or credentials into source control, so a manual process is required to set them
up.

The keystore is backed up in S3:
`s3://android-ksr-keystores/kickstarter.keystore`. The credentials are stored
in passpack under `Android - Keystore`. The keystore can be copied from
S3 into `app/kickstarter.keystore`, and the credentials saved into `app/signing.gradle`.
The keystore and credentials are in `.gitignore` so local changes won't be committed.

# Releasing

There's a command-line tool in this repository named Origami. Run `bin/origami
--help` to get started, more documentation on this to come.
